SR2025 new-year's update email (#205)
srobo/team-emails: SR2025/2025-01-08-jan-update.md

We have a few updates and reminders for you:

* The next [Tech Days][tech-days] are in Cambridge, [on 25th January][cambridge-tech-day-january], and then back in Horsham [in February][horsham-tech-day-february] -- please [sign up][tech-day-signup] if you're interested
* The second [Challenge submission deadline][challenge-deadline] is later this month
* The [Virtual League][virtual-league] is coming up in February, and we have published a rules update clarifying how virtual league points are scaled

## Second Challenge Deadline

The [Challenges][challenges] offer stepping stones towards building your robot as well as allowing teams to collect valuable league points ahead of the competition. There are three Challenges which can be approached in any order.

The second challenge deadline is coming up on Saturday **15th January 2025** at **18:00** UK time. Your team can submit any of the challenges by this time to earn league points for each they haven't already completed.

There is one further submission deadline later in the year, though nothing stops your team getting all their submissions in sooner than that.

## Virtual League

> Coming up in February, the [Virtual League][virtual-league] will be the first league matches of the competition. Run in the simulator, teams will pit their code against each other to score points. Teams must [submit their code][code-submitter-docs] by Thursday **6th February 2025** at **18:00** UK time and we'll be [livestreaming][virtual-league-livestream] the Virtual League from 1pm UK time on Saturday 8th.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Coming up in February, the [Virtual League][virtual-league] will be the first league matches of the competition. Run in the simulator, teams will pit their code against each other to score points. Teams must [submit their code][code-submitter-docs] by Thursday **6th February 2025** at **6pm** UK time and we'll be [livestreaming][virtual-league-livestream] the Virtual League from 1pm UK time on Saturday 8th.
```
For consistency

Author: https://github.com/srobo/team-emails/pull/205/commits/2b11e32c7995ffed0f575a68aba1fe63b65ada10

In the rules we had previously noted that the league points from the Virtual League would be scaled to between 20 and 25 percent of the total for the league stage of the competition. The [rules][rulebook] have been updated to double the unscaled league points on offer from the Main League (now 16 points for a win) and the Challenges (now 12 points each), which allows greater freedom in scaling the Virtual League points. This doesn't change the weightings of any aspect of the competition, it simply avoids creating fractional league points which might have otherwise been needed.

> The exact scaling being applied to league points from the Virtual League will be announced on the day of the Virtual League.

Author: @samjmartin04 are you happy with us promising this?
This is realistically the latest we could announce it, so my question is more about being happy that we're saying that we won't announce it until then as that potentially creates uncertainty around the value of the matches.

Author: https://github.com/srobo/team-emails/pull/205/commits/159455ffe4af1d3b88969cab0d7e8e3d89903b14

## Tech Days

[Tech Days][tech-days] are opportunities for teams to spend a whole day working on their robot with lots of help available -- from a mix of long-experienced volunteers and more recent ex-competitors. They're also an opportunity to see how other teams are doing or get more direct help with your robots.

We provide a space for you to work in, with power and internet access, as well as volunteers able to help you with your kits and hands-on guidance with your robots.

There are three Tech Days left this year:

* [**25th January 2025** - at Raspberry Pi Foundation in Cambridge][cambridge-tech-day-january]
* [**15th February 2025** - at Red River Software in Horsham][horsham-tech-day-february]
* [**8th March 2025** - at Raspberry Pi Foundation in Cambridge][cambridge-tech-day-march]

If you're interested in attending any of these events, please **[sign up to Tech Days][tech-day-signup]**.
Volunteers may also be around virtually on these days for support, should you not be able to attend any events in person.

> For the January tech day, the deadline is Friday 17th January 2025 for you to [let us know][tech-day-signup] that you'd like to attend. We will be allocating and confirming places from early December.

Reviewer: Scrap last sentence I think (says December)
